go get the rest of the frogs we're
taking them back to school right now I
don't have them anymore Haley we let
them go we you want her to get into
Harvard don't you I see
fine I'll go alone
what I just want to thank you all for
making me feel like the worst mother is
here oh my god what what
hope chinaski local lesbian dances with
white
I know wife I have a name sorry I'm late
I was rushing to get here in this angry
cop pulled me over and boy did she give
me a tongue lashing
oh hey Kathy you brought my favorite I
love your sticky buns especially when
they're hot my mouth is watering already
so Oh
where's your family oh they're not
feeling well I can only imagine shall we
begin
as you all know every year the faculty
and the administration is an auskey I
just want to tell you that I'm sending
my aunt and no your picture I think that
it might finally inspire her and her
roommate to come out wait what picture
this one in our tradition we will begin
by hearing a few words from last year's
buzz aldrin elementary mother of the
year winner hope Shanna ski hello there
hope Chinaski local lesbian there's
actually really a funny story behind
this anyway I can't imagine what you
must think
actually I changed my mind
I don't care what you think I don't care
about this silly award cuz last night I
learned a valuable lesson it doesn't
matter what you think of me it only
matters what I think of me and the real
reason I wanted to win mother of the
year
it's because deep down I never feel like
a good enough mother or good enough
anything
I am always judging myself and as a
result judging my kids who by the way I
think are wonderful
so I don't need to win mother of the
year because I've got something much
better I have family of the year
and by the way hope she now skis wife
has a name
and it's faith Fairfield good day you
rob mom you know Sally's daughter she
told me that her parents sleep in
separate bedrooms
ah Sydney that's the sweetest thing
you've said in months
hello hey hope
Bobby from the fundraiser I was
wondering if you want to go for a little
spin in my El Camino I bought donut
holes that sounds lovely but I'm happily
married to that guy oh okay
what kind of doughnut holes chocolate
glazed I mean
don't wait up
so you need to send Sally Jones your
mother of the Year trophy yep
there's only one of them well I think
it's time we start a new tradition
Hayley we still have our little friend
I'll take him over you could just stay
in the car and watch